Halli Hello my dear ones today
I come up with a whole new video for
you and there are my five best
tricks against cellulitis
yes, I used to have a lot of fun
That's 20 cents to third grade
pretty bitter end three grade
divided degree number one is if you
zeolite is in the process of cutting up the
skin sees stadium number two is when
one pulls to the song at light incidence
that is, sitting or on walls of the
side view and so it is only three
So third grade is if you
regardless of not a case like that in the
are both in the lying and in the
sees sit and I had it up to
I just had third grade so through
the worst form and there is
but we ask what is actually
counts and that's where I get you
small times painted for you and indeed
Here we have the connective tissue
a woman and now I can never do so
clearly explain how it actually works
created
and here we have it all
below our muscles about here
about that persistent prophet is
above that would be our connective tissue
area as ours in the tissues and
these red balls are up here
cells in the epidermis area
what are these wavy here
line has caused and that is then
in turn, the cellulitis celle are so
big fat cells just by the
Connective tissue no longer everything
depot can be kept fit that
means you are through the connective tissue
the epidermis passes and could there
just now here nice deposit
women are still times stronger
as affected as the men with us
are they are they are fat cells
colleague style and we have one
very elastic skin in case of one
pregnancy in men the
of course another connective tissue than
like women and usually less affected
when he started training
and me with the nutrition possible
are then really mercedes
gone gone completely and thus come
me right to my very first and
main tips sport a lot of movement
At best, strength training with the
We put strength training right here
Muscle stimulates and grows
thus our skin also crimes
because if we are the sydney the pros here
decrease by movement and healthy
diet maybe a diet and the
muscle size is affects the skin
automatically penalty now is natural
it counts mainly in the legs po
region and you can just go to
example with a pro exercises
counteract
for example, there are very good ones here
Exercises such as squat leg press
or failure steps
point number two diet change
And that is a healthy diet
a and o and what is actually now
a healthy diet in my opinion
after that it is just that one firstly one
keeps calories in mind
Of course you should not too few
Eating calories because too little
calorie
the skin is flabby instead of punitive
because too much calorie is of course
weight gain and just that
enlargement of the fat depot of the same
case there naturally increased to
unprocessed food
High protein in combination with
healthy fat and complex
carbohydrates and all that packed
just with fresh food a lot
fruit and vegetables
so that the skin is a nice
Hautbild gets point number three
if she should do it eventually
quit smoking quit smoking
the skin appearance and inhibits the circulation
and that's what needs our skin to
just punished and stretched and elastic too
so maybe stop here
point number four change showers if
you might even feel hot
Showering should be easy after that
showering cold if that's for too
again the blood circulation of the skin and
your blood vessels train each other
with warm water from those and cool off
contract again and thus arises
also movement under the skin like that
Now we come to my last
fifth point for you and that's the one
massage effect for example in the
shower or after the shower with one
that you are massaging your skin that you
thus again promotes the bleeding and
as a small tip there for you just now
Summertime is already here and if now
one last rescue is needed
cheat a bit with tanning cream
because you pull on tanned skin
politically not as strong fails
so experience that was my top five
tips for you i hope you were very
revealing for you maybe
what completely new she tries
implement then chose on quick
achieve results and no one had
I also had it earlier
and not easy to ignore
what give in to his habits
change positive habits
The video also share a lot with it
People get it so many suffer
women turn and it really does not have to
his
and I hope if you liked it
Write me the comments lived
thumb up course channel
subscribe so many will target me
we are so happy and see each other
again at the next video